add favicon html content (#1418)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/favicon/favicon.md

---
Title: 'Favicon'

> Description: "A favicon is a small icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: "A favicon is an icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website."
```

Reviewer: This is inferred ^^

Author: Thank you for the input :) I'm going to try the "commit" button here and see how it works. XD

Author: Correct me if I'm wrong, but that button just made the changes for me and made a commit, and just added you as a 'co-author'?

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Favicon'
  - 'Documentation'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> A **favicon** (short for "favorite icon") is a small icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website. It is used to help users quickly identify the website and distinguish it from other tabs or bookmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **favicon** (short for "favorite icon") is an icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website. It is used to help users quickly identify the website and distinguish it from other tabs or bookmarks.
```

> To add a favicon to your website, you need to create a small image that will be used as the favicon, and then include a link to it in the head of your HTML document using the `link` element. Here's an example of how to do this:

Reviewer: Let's remove usage of pronouns and adjust the paragraph accordingly.

Reviewer: Can we also preface this section with an `h2` like:

## Example

```html
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/path/to/favicon.ico" />
```

> The `link` element with the `rel` attribute set to "shortcut icon" tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon. The `type` attribute specifies the type of the favicon (in this case, "image/x-icon"), and the `href` attribute specifies the location of the favicon file.

Reviewer: I think this would work well as an unordered list ^^

```suggestion
- The `link` element with the `rel` attribute set to "shortcut icon" tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon.
- The `type` attribute specifies the type of the favicon (in this case, "image/x-icon").
- The `href` attribute specifies the location of the favicon file.
```

Reviewer: I think the first bullet point should only cover `rel` because this is what tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon. Feel free to include a bullet point about the `<link>` element though and link our existing entry: https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/link

Reviewer: cc: @Dusch4593 This gives an idea to create terms for [HTML attributes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/attributes)

Reviewer 2: @yangc95 Hmmmmm, I can see there being terms for _global HTML attributes_ such as `autocapitalize` and `dir`. What do we think?

Reviewer: @Dusch4593 @SSwiniarski Continued discussion here: https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/discussions/1468

> Any image format that is supported by web browsers can be used as a favicon, but the most common format is .ico. An .ico file can be created using an image editor or online converter tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any image format that is supported by web browsers can be used as a favicon, but the most common format is `.ico`. An `.ico` file can be created using an image editor or online converter tool.
```

---
Title: 'Favicon'
Description: 'A favicon is a small icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:

>   - 'Favicon'

Reviewer 3: The tags listed need to be on the list in the [tags.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md) file. Either we need to remove "Favicon" from here, or add it to the tags.md file in this PR.

  - 'Documentation'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> # Favicon

Reviewer 3: Remove this header. The metadata provides the title for the entry.

A favicon (short for "favorite icon") is a small icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website. It is used to help users quickly identify the website and distinguish it from other tabs or bookmarks.

> To add a favicon to your website, you need to create a small image that will be used as the favicon, and then include a link to it in the head of your HTML document using the ***'link'*** element. Here's an example of how you might do this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add a favicon to your website, you need to create a small image that will be used as the favicon, and then include a link to it in the head of your HTML document using the `link` element. Here's an example of how to do this:
```

```html
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/path/to/favicon.ico">
```

> The ***'link'*** element with the ***'rel'*** attribute set to "shortcut icon" tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon. The ***'type'*** attribute specifies the type of the favicon (in this case, "image/x-icon"), and the ***'href'*** attribute specifies the location of the favicon file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `link` element with the `rel` attribute set to "shortcut icon" tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon. The `type` attribute specifies the type of the favicon (in this case, "image/x-icon"), and the `href` attribute specifies the location of the favicon file.
```

> You can use any image format that is supported by web browsers as a favicon, but the most common format is .ico. You can create an .ico file using an image editor or online converter tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Any image format that is supported by web browsers can be used as a favicon, but the most common format is .ico. An .ico file can be created using an image editor or online converter tool.
```

> Once you have the favicon file and the ***'link'*** element in your HTML, the favicon should be displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for your website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the favicon file and the `link` element in the HTML, the favicon should be displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for the website.
```

---
Title: 'Favicon'
Description: "A favicon is an icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website."
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Favicon'
  - 'Documentation'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

A **favicon** (short for "favorite icon") is an icon that is displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for a website. It is used to help users quickly identify the website and distinguish it from other tabs or bookmarks.

## Example

> 
> To add a favicon to a website, create a small image that will be used as the favicon, and then include a link to it in the `<head>` of the HTML document using the `link` element. Here's an example of how to do this:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> ```html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> <link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/path/to/favicon.ico" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<head>
  <link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/path/to/favicon.ico" />
</head>
```

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Favicons originate as small images (usually 16 x 16 pixels) that are added to a [`<link>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/link) element, which is included in the [`<head>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/head) of the HTML document.

The following attributes are used in the `<link>` element for favicons:

```

For most Docs entries, in the "Syntax" section the text begins underneath the code snippet. And since we have existing Docs entries for both `<link>` and `<head>`, we should link those (pun definitely intended 😜)

> -The `rel` attribute set to `"shortcut icon"` tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon.
> 
> -The `type` attribute specifies the type of the favicon (in this case, "image/x-icon").
> 
> -The `href` attribute specifies the location of the favicon file.
> 
> Any image format that is supported by web browsers can be used as a favicon, but the most common format is `.ico`. An `.ico` file can be created using an image editor or online converter tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `rel` attribute tells the browser that the linked resource is a favicon; setting to `"shortcut icon"` should accommodate most versions of the major browsers.
- The `type` attribute specifies the format of the linked resource (i.e., `"image/x-icon"` for favicons).
- The `href` attribute specifies the [file path](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/file-paths) of the favicon file.

> **Note:** The most common file format for favicons are files with the `.ico` extension. However, other image formats may be supported depending on the browser (e.g., `.png`, `.gif`, and `.jpeg`). An `.ico` file can be created using an image editor or online converter tool.
```

> With the favicon file and the `link` element in the HTML, the favicon should be displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for the website.

Reviewer 2: > With the favicon file and the `link` element in the HTML, the favicon should be displayed in the browser's address bar and tab title for the website.

This really depends on the browser being used. It seems that most modern browsers only display the favicon next to the tab title for the website whereas an HTTPS "lock icon" is next to the address bar.

Could we possibly rewrite this line as a new "## Example" section that describes this distinction with the following:

- An \```html code snippet with an image of the Codecademy logo as a favicon.
- A screenshot of what the rendered output would look like on the browser (including the HTTPS lock icon)
  - Be sure to store this screenshot image in the `media/` folder and use the following format for the markdown image: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/filename.ext`
